docs: explain why no pdb is useful (#13209)
conan-io/conan-center-index: docs/faqs.md

Adding one more common option, it seems the most simple and obvious solution, but it contains a side effect already seen with fPIC. It is necessary to manage the entire recipe, it has become a Boilerplate. So, adding PDB would be one more point to be reviewed for each recipe. In addition, in the future new options could arise, such as sanity or benchmark, further inflating the recipes. For this reason, a new option will not be added. However, the inclusion of the PDB files is discussed in issue [#1982](https://github.com/conan-io/conan-center-index/issues/1982) and there are some ideas for making this possible through a new feature. If you want to comment on the subject, please visit issue.

> ### Doesn't this make debug build useless?

Reviewer: Slightly correct the grammar here.

```suggestion
### Doesn't this make debug builds useless?
```

> No. The PDBs are only needed to debug dependency code. By providing the libraries you are able to link and build you application and debug your own code.

Reviewer: Minor typo.

```suggestion
No. The PDBs are only needed to debug dependency code. By providing the libraries you are able to link and build your application and debug your own code.
```

## Is it possible to disable Pylint?

No. The [pylint](v2_linter.md) has an important role of keeping any recipe prepared for [Conan v2 migration](v2_migration.md). In case you are having

> difficult to understand [linter errors](v2_linter.md), please, comment on your pull request about, then the community will help you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
difficult to understand [linter errors](v2_linter.md), please comment on your pull request about the problem to receive help from the community.
```
